this is better than my imagination this
is not a dream come true without the
slightest bit of hesitation I knew what
I was meant to do
you unlock a mist
so
I'm sick and tired of you bothering me
now get out of my life dr. J I'm sorry
but if I did something I wish you tell
me face-to-face how many times do I have
to tell you please leave me alone
see if I ever cut your lawn again
Andrew what's wrong if you don't want me
to come around anymore tell me to my
face
Henry I don't know what you Oh
you probably heard me relaying a message
from my transit phone to the lab
probably sound a little gruff what's the
transfer form the ultimate dictation
machine to the frame of the glasses I've
attached a tiny microphone and a
transmitter well we'll say you're away
from the housing yeah you have a great
idea well you use this to transmit it to
your tape recorder at home what if you
don't wear glasses Andrew is there
something you wanted I'm supposed to
come up with a new business for junior
achievers day at school and after a week
all I can think of this date a superhero
but that hardly seems fair to the
mortals I see what you mean
perhaps I get out really funny when I
have a couple of video takes to return
but as soon as I get back we'll see we
can come up with I could do that for you
dr. J hey I could pick up and deliver
videos that could be my new business
what a great idea
well thank you Andrew but they already
do that in some video stores not the way
I do it
talk about cost-effective even if I
charge only fifty cents a movie and
question I can make a million dollars
shower
see you later dr. J Andrew you can't use
your super powers for monetary gain all
right dr. J okay five percenter charity
do you have delivery service I'm not
sure who's in it oh no I mean do you
pick up and deliver videos I'm sorry kid
but we don't need anyone right that
sounds like a pretty good idea Oh Kathy
look I really don't think that hi what
can I do for you let's go and talk about
your IV great I brought a map of the
city sunset you have to turn into snow
burn the uncut version I'll be right
back
it sounds good it does sure can't you
see the advertising reels on wheels
movies to go you can start whenever you
like oh that's great thanks miss Lloyd
Cathy that's my favorite name so let's
talk salary how much do you think you
work well I've got some very rare comic
books and then there's that new suit my
mom just got me no I mean how much do
you think it should get for each tape
you deliver well 20 cents if you go with
me 30 if you 30 it is I'm glad you're
gonna be working here but I don't know
how you're gonna find anything though
this place is such a mess
we've been just too busy to do an
inventory I could straighten up that
would be great I've got some things to
do out front good luck
I just remember
after to do that so quickly I uh
love my work I'm feeling this is gonna
be great
you really have a great selection here
the last story I tried didn't carry this
and glad it found it my wife's been
talking about it for weeks
thanks so how's business
hey never been better good
video world classics of yesterday and
today of course we have eyes of the dead
man a stirring piece of cinema
especially the part where the mayor's
horribly disfigured in a fire hello
hello
are you Mike yeah what can I do for you
you have these seven lives of the
abominable snowman certainly you want
all seven yes please
you wait here hi how you doing Andrew
fine
goddess hi Mike hi here you go I know
you really enjoy this
did you ever see summer 42 no oh it's a
fabulous movie this woman is absolutely
head-over-heels in love with a younger
man
it's very realistic sounds pretty
interesting
it does hey Andrew I've got delivery for
you
that's what I get paid for
Rio's on wheels at your door before the
corn pops that was pretty fast I can say
it even faster real that's okay that's
okay
better check it oh sure it's for wound
and everything everyone
that's cute it'll be right back so you
guys pretty big movie fans you could say
that
did you see spider-man for crime doesn't
pay is that supposed to be funny
no it was pretty much a dramatic work
all right what's going on we were just
talking I paid for more stuff do you
want our cartoon to look I don't like
being ripped off what's the problem
obviously there's been a mistake but
there has you tell Mike I'm three packs
short you're telling yourself I quit I
don't care if I'm getting 30 cents a
tape he'll do what I say see drug slow
you down
you
so how'd it go
you're a slimeball keep talking like
that and her raises out of the question
you're dealing trucks I don't know what
you're talking about
well you're gonna have plenty of time to
figure it out
they don't have scorning it
how can I help you over here please
what's going on you the manager of this
place that's right this yours yes it is
you mind if I take a look go ahead no
it's not her it's him
okay miss you better come with us it's
not mine how got in my purse that's what
they all say
thanks for coming it's the least I could
do seeing that all this is my fault
what do you mean I was the one that
called the police when I found out Mike
was stealing trucks from the store I
should have thought something was up
when he bought a Jaguar on five bucks an
hour we're gonna nail this guy and get
you out of here just wait I don't have
much of a choice do I
video.please fancy definition
the zombie beach party a vogue or an
exploitative shocker and stay but
practically laughable by today's
standards hey don't worry I'm gonna lay
low a couple of days and then it's
business as usual
yeah see Mike you seen this one yet no I
think you'd like it it's about a guy who
sets up his boss to save his own skin
I already saw that one I hated the
ending
I'm sure Cathy's not thrilled right now
either hey pal life's a matter of
choices if she made the wrong one it's
not my problem maybe not but I am I'm
gonna stay on you like shoes on feet
like a lick on a stamp
like like well you get the point
gee you got hope Andrew this is a
serious crime planter no plan drugs are
a big dirty business stay out Kathy's my
friend she was set up and I'm going to
save her
are you sure she's innocent sure is I'm
all true man Andrew you are a sincere
intelligent young man but this plan
you've concocted is well it's ludicrous
I take it ludicrous and up there with
great fantastic and yes I will do it is
it that's right but it's brilliant in
its simplicity
no it's dangerous in its simplicity so
what's a little danger well let's see uh
getting arrested getting shot getting
killed let the police handle it look
what happened last time I called them
dr. J I'm gonna put that guy awake and
get Kathy out no matter what it takes
with you or without you
we're gonna do for you it's what I could
do for you I don't understand
I people tell me has trouble with the
cops I can take the rest easy supply of
years you want all my movies very cute
but time is money then you're wasting
mine if I didn't know any better I'd
swear you were a cop then you'd also
know if I were a cop and I was suffering
it is that would be entrapment and I'm
offering well I got nothing to sell oh
that's too bad because word on the
street is you got too much heat on you
to sell locally your only hope
you should guy like me
okay tell you what
there's an empty warehouse on the corner
of King and Simcoe made me there at four
o'clock make sure you bring this stuff
make sure you bring the money
uh-uh
that's being testing testing I mean
Elvis has left the building
long live the king I hope you can hear
me Andrew you stay where you are
you can record the whole thing hello
detective Fawlty I have information
about a big drug deal today
okay I'm here all set I'm losing my
composure
Hey all set
to merchandise
I got the money step inside my office
you'll see
you Nick what are you doing here we'll
be cutting in on my action Oh would you
oh no way come on Nick you know me I do
now in the car
violet is for the Guinness no we handle
the big deals why don't you join us at
my place you might learn something
come on dr. J say something say anything
this is a job for Ultraman anybody go
ahead
but I know that
hey kid what's going on something must
have gone wrong you think he's in
trouble I know is in trouble you gotta
believe me
hope this works for real
tell headquarters to assign some extra
men on patrol if there's a drug deal
gone sour there's gonna be some action
today
we were seeing you before you from out
of town or what yes as a matter of fact
I am from out of town but I I've
certainly heard many fine things about
this city the shopping the restaurants
in an underworld at his second to none
marvelous tree line March all right
nice automatic doors
I am perfectly capable of walking around
a red warehouse by myself
got it
come in the back
sort of stuff
it's all yours if you let us go kitty
box yeah I used this money to buy some
flowers for your cop funeral
I hate cops I I speed i IJ walk
I kill people
what took you so long
by your man nation 232
as I said like handcuffs on a crook
you swing a car cut up on that voice
using the laws of physics there is a
direct ratio between kinetic energy I'm
sure it's a good theory but don't leave
town
oh by the way thanks
you did a great job thank you Andrew you
should have seen the look on your face
when I came they won't hit the bag let's
just stop with I did a great job
make that we did a great job
I should have believed you when you said
you'd help me
when science and justice are your
friends your enemies have much to fear
you sound like a fortune cookie I'm
gonna be having an opening for the store
do
handle the responsibility of assistant
manager after school on weekends I know
the perfect guy he's mature bright
thoughtful and he's only gotten one girl
arrested in his life
great we're hired great
do you think I could get an advance in
my salary I'd like to take a friend to
dinner could be arranged Thomas do you
need depends on how much you eat
I love
when you unlock
Oh